2.4.0 Updates to DCP (#2968)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/distributed_checkpoint_recipe.rst

    CHECKPOINT_DIR = "checkpoint"

>     class AppState(Stateful):

Reviewer: Isn't this the same as lines 70-99?

Author: Yep @svekars , I thought it would be better if each code block was self contained. If that's not the case, I can remove duplicates

Reviewer: I'll leave it up to you to decide. I just wanted to make sure it wasn't copy pasted twice by mistake.

        run_checkpoint_load_example()

Formats
----------
One drawback not yet mentioned is that DCP saves checkpoints in a format which is inherently different then those generated using torch.save.
Since this can be an issue when users wish to share models with users used to the torch.save format, or in general just want to add format flexibility

> to their applications. For this case, we provide the `format_utils` module in `torch.distributed.checkpoint.format_utils`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to their applications. For this case, we provide the ``format_utils`` module in ``torch.distributed.checkpoint.format_utils``.
```

A command line utility is provided for the users convenience, which follows the following format:

> `python -m torch.distributed.checkpoint.format_utils -m <checkpoint location> <location to write formats to> <mode>` where mode is one of `torch_to_dcp` or `dcp_to_torch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash

   python -m torch.distributed.checkpoint.format_utils -m <checkpoint location> <location to write formats to> <mode> 
   
In the command above,  ``mode`` is either ``torch_to_dcp`` or ``dcp_to_torch``.
```
